Respond to the following questions using information presented in this learning block and your own experience. Each response should be at least 2 sentences.

1) Having read the articles presented in this learning block, reflect on how their discussion of intent and the changes to it affect your interpretation or understanding of the Statue of Liberty.
"The Statue is now always linked in the public mind with arriving immigrants thanks to the words of Emma Lazarus" (McNamara, 2019).  The first reading, by Robert McNamara, stated that the symbolism that most people associate with the Statue of Liberty is thanks to a poem by Emma Lazarus.  The history contained therein was an eye-opening insight.  Assuming it is accurate, this source leads me to believe that the Statue of Liberty was meant to symbolize liberty spreading outward from America, not the opposite (McNamara, 2019).  This is not too much of a revelation because I knew that the statue was located in Liberty island, not Ellis island.  I also knew that the French nation contributed to the construction of the statue.

"Bartholdi’s artistic milieu and historical era had primed him for the creation of such symbols, which helps explain the genesis of the Statue of Liberty and why, for the French sculptor, only a colossus could represent the Franco-American connection he hoped to both deepen and commemorate" (Berenson, 2012).  The second source states that Bartholdi, the creator of the Statue of Liberty, was determined to solidify the bond between France and America.  The statue represents the culmination of the styles of the greatest sculptors in history.  I knew that the statue was built as a tribute for political gain; however, the influence of history on the statue was something I had not thought of and the background was very interesting to know.


2) Think about the artifact that you are studying for Project 1. Pose one question about the intent of the creator of the artifact. In one sentence, explain one approach that you may take to find the answer to that question.

My artifact is Star Trek: Voyager, Season 4, Episode 21, The Omega Directive.  My question is: Why do the Borg need a religion and does every culture need to believe in a higher power to be successsful?  I would research Borg lore up to the point of that episode and try to find any mention of the writer's intent in interviews.


Berenson, E. (2012). The Statue of Liberty: a transatlantic story. Retrieved from https://search-ebscohost-com.ezproxy.snhu.edu/login.aspx?direct=true&db=nlebk&AN=451980&site=eds-live&scope=site

McNamara, Robert. “Emma Lazarus Gave Deep Meaning to the Statue of Liberty With a Poem.” ThoughtCo, ThoughtCo, 14 Aug. 2019, https://www.thoughtco.com/statue-of-liberty-symbolize-immigration-1774050.