3-1 Discussion: Functional Use of Python Across Different Industries
 
For this discussion, think about the bigger picture of Python's uses and how it serves a broader, multifunctional role. For your main post, select one of the industries from the list below and provide a summary of how Python's functions are used in the operations of that industry. You are encouraged to use examples in support of your summary.

Education
Web and Internet Businesses
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Financial
Government
Hospitality/Service

Python is applicable to work, life, and hobby.  For my discussion I have chosen education.  Specifically, I have chosen academic research.  The topic of this week's Talk Python podcast was "Python in digital humanities research."  Cornelis van Lit, who specialized in digital humanities and Islamic studies, was the guest.  Python is an excellent tool for academic research due to the low barrier to entry.  It is not too complex and you do not have to fully grasp the underlaying concepts in order to produce more efficient work.

Cornelis van Lit is a scholar of medieval Islamic philosophy and works at Utrecht University in the Netherlands (Kennedy, 2019).  Cornelis has applied python to the digitization of ancient manuscripts and texts.  By mixing old and new, he is able to outline small patterns which people have never thought to explore before.  On the podcast, he described the bindings used for the manuscripts.  Each manuscript had a unique leather binding which laid over the top at a certain angle.  One of his projects was to analyze the angle and details on each text, which is something that no one has done before.

Python is also allowing Cornelis to track the manuscripts through time as well as space (Kennedy, 2019).  Each text is marked with stamps belonging to each owner it belonged to.  By scanning the images and applying image recognition, van Lit is able to track the origin and location of each text.  Now it is possible to track the the proliferation of Islam throughout the world.  A tricky part of his analysis is that no text is identical.  Most of these tomes were hand copied before the invention of the printing press.  Cornelis is actively working on connecting influences with the spread of Islamic culture (Kennedy, 2019).

Python is applicable to work, life, and hobby.  The low barrier to entry permits anyone to take the torch that is Python and re-ignite their passion as well as see it in a new light.

Kennedy, M. (2019, September 18). Python in digital humanities research. Retrieved from https://talkpython.fm/episodes/show/230/python-in-digital-humanities-research