Following review of one set of the videos in the previous task, respond to the following questions in 1–2 sentences.

How do you think the new and old versions represent different aspects of their societies/times? What are the similarities and differences?
I think that the new and old versions of Romeo and Juliet uniquely outline the technological accomplishments of their time, such as the guns in the 1996 remake.  There are also culutural aspects that are represented by the dance culture of West Side Story.  The 1968 version of the film is most like the original because it is set in a similar era; however, all of the films juxapose the conflict of groups with the forbidden love of two opposing faction members.

How does each version reflect the culture and time period in which they exist?
The 1968 version of Romeo and Juliet projects similar cultural values of the time to the classic love story.  The film was created during the 1960s hippie movement and is conherent to those values, described as jamming in love, passion, sex, and idealism.

The 1996 version depicts two rival gangs who use "swords" which are modern guns.  This is reflective of the early 90s gang culture of California.

West Side Story continues the trend, depicting two rival gangs, forbidden romance, and conflict.  The setting is the 1960s and the director's interpretation of Romeo and Juliet is embodied in the dance and music of the film.

After considering the examples presented, think about the artifact that you chose for Project 1. Pose one question regarding the relationship between human culture and expression in relation to your artifact. In one sentence, explain one approach you may take to find the response to the question posed.

The artifact that I chose in project one was Star Trek.  I have since refined my artifact to a specific episode: Star Trek Voyager: Season 4, Episode 21, The Omega Directive.  In this episode it is revealed that the Borg have some simblance of a religion, so the question I pose is: The creator of Star Trek was an athiest, but is religion inveitable for all societies?  In order to answer this question, I would explore the motivation behind the expansion of empires in the past, and try to find examples of societies who held few religious beliefs.