Select one of the artifact examples presented in this module. Your post title should indicate which artifact you have selected.

Seven Wonders of the World (You do not have to discuss all Seven Wonders, but can choose one of them to focus on if you decide to choose this artifact.)
Anne Frank's Diary
Bob Dylan's song "The Times They Are a-Changin'"
"Uncle Sam Wants YOU" Poster
In your initial post, answer the following questions:

What do you think the universal idea it represents is? Review the Enduring Ideas resource as needed to assist you with answering this question.
What do you think could be inferred from studying the artifact in terms of the culture and context in which it was created?
What do you believe was the creator's intention in creating the artifact?
When responding to two of your peers’ posts, choose peers who selected different artifacts by looking at the title of the discussion post. Assuming the reasons given by your peers were in fact the creator's intention, describe how this knowledge changed your view, feelings, or opinion of the culture in which the artifact was created. How do you think the artifacts potentially impacted the values of society after it was released to the public? Discuss how your own individual assumptions, beliefs, and values might shape your impression of the artifacts.

culture - 
materialism - balance or imbalance in materialism can impact people, communities, and the World
spirituality - expression of the non-materialist through the materialism
wealth and power - using power via man vs nature, power for self advancement, using power and wealth for social or ethical issues
work - 

I have chosen the Great Pyramid at Giza as my subject.  This time-worn wonder of the world symbolizes wealth, power, and spirituality.  Of the seven wonders of the ancient world, it is the only that still stands (Travel Channel, 2019).  Constructing this pyramid was no small feat.  Resources were carefully pooled and King Khufu (the king of Egypt at the time) would have employed thousands of conscripted labourers (Murray, 2004).  Only a god-king would have the resources needed for this undertaking.  Peter Der Manuelian notes the organization of this ancient Egyptian government:

The ancient Egyptian Old Kingdom (about 2650–2150 BCE) was a period of strong central government. Thus, it makes sense that its kings were able to organize the vast quantity of labor required for such vast building projects, and also that many officials chose to be buried at a site so near the capital, the focus of power.

Through study of the pyramid we can gather some context for core Egyptian cutlure.  All along the strong walls of the inner tombs, snapshots of everyday lives and beliefs of Egyptians from all walks of life exist in the form of scenes and hieroglyphics (Manuelian, 2017).  Much can be learned from a structure that has stood for so long and was touch by so many lives.  There were even efforts to understand the daily lives of the workers and slaves whose purpose it was to erect this monument.  "Our investigations - which continue - have already demonstrated the great scale and complexity of this state-organized project, which depended on a major investment of natural resources and man hours (also, no doubt, woman hours), as well as many workmen's lives, as is suggested by the size of their cemetery above the settlement" (Murray, 2004).  As stated by Manuelian, there is also a spiritual meaning behind the pyramid; however, I believe its true purpose was to endure the test of time and carry the name "Khufu" through the millennia.

Manuelian, Peter Der. “Introduction to Giza.” Digital Giza, Harvard University, 2017, http://giza.fas.harvard.edu/gizaintro/.

Murray, Mary Anne. “Provisions for the Pyramid Builders: New Evidence from the Ancient Site of Giza.” Archaeology International, vol. 8, no. 0, 2004, doi:10.5334/ai.0811.

“Seven Wonders of the World.” Travel Channel, The Travel Channel, L.L.C., 2019, https://www.travelchannel.com/interests/outdoors-and-adventure/articles/seven-wonders-of-the-world.