	
After reviewing the requirements for Project 1 and Project 2, propose two or three artifacts that you are considering using as a basis for your projects.

Consider the following questions before stating your selections. You do not need to answer all of these questions, but they may guide you in choosing potential artifacts and providing a rationale for your choices.

In your thinking about the disciplines of the humanities (visual arts, literature, philosophy, and the performing arts), is there are piece of art, music, architecture, or literature that you would be interested in learning more about?
Is there an object associated with one of the cultures you belong to that is particularly meaningful to you?  Is the artifact created or worked on by a human being? (If you answered no, it is not an artifact.)
Does it have a primarily functional or practical purpose? (If you answered yes, it is not an artifact.)
Does it embody the creative expression of ideas? (If you answered yes, it is an artifact. If you answered no, it is not an artifact.)

Identify two to three artifacts you are interested in studying for Project 1. In two to three sentences, provide a rationale for choosing the artifacts as potential options for your project.

This activity will be graded based on completion.


Star Trek
Divine Comedy
Petra

I have chosen three artifacts that I am interested in studying for Project 1: Star Trek, the Divine Comedy, and Petra.

Star Trek is an artifact from the realm of the performing arts.  I chose this artifact because it started a cultural movement.  Star Trek has graced the lives of nearly everyone I know and inspired humanity to work together.  From scientists to nerds, everyone knows who Kirk and Picard are.  I am interested in exploring the full effect of Star Trek series' on American culture.

For my second artifact choice, I selected the Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri.  I have always been fascinated by the trilogy, which includes The Inferno, The Purgatorio, and The Paradiso.  The Divine Comedy is a cultural artifact that pre-dated modern literature and I am interested in studying its underlying themes and their proliferation through history.

Thirdly, a more tangible artifact: the ruins of Petra in Jordan.  Petra is an architectural marvel which has given insight to many aspects of ancient Jordanian culture.  Along with being one of the seven wonders of the world, Petra is a religious and economic artifact.  I chose this artifact because I believe I could get lost in the history of its walls.