Identify your chosen artifact.
Star Trek

Describe the artifact in detail using any applicable senses mentioned in the overview.
Star Trek: The Original Series was created by Gene Roddenberry and first aired in 1966.  The original series follows a space-faring group of explorers whose mission is peaceful.  The crew is made up of various races, all under the guise of being members of the United Federation of Planets.  The Federation acts as a universal source of truth and conveys internal values to the crewmembers, in an attempt to guide them to contact and study new species.

What are the elements of the artifact that you believe are most important to how you experience it? Does the choice of medium impact your experience?
The elements of Star Trek that are most important to me and how I experience it are the themes of teamwork.  The various series of Star Trek depict a multitude of civilizations that, for the most part, are working together to attain a common goal.  For instance, the Vulcan have taken the mantle of ambassadors to new space-faring societies and attempt to guide their culture over common hurdles that are encountered during that technological evolution.  On the other hand, the race of Borg have chosen to recruit other civilizations by invasively taking over their conciousness.  There is a spectrum of cultures within the Star Trek universe and each one behaves differently and has different values.  The choice of medium is film and having the visual stimulation leaves very little to the imagination in terms of effort.  Star Trek would not be as impactful nor would it have proliferated society as well if it were written in a book.

State your opinion on what you believe is the purpose of this artifact and the success of the creator in achieving the purpose.
I believe the purpose of Star Trek: The Original Series was to inspire a new generation to reach for the stars.  The series pre-dates the first moon landing and occured during a point in history where television was beginning to be highly influencial on children and their families.  While there were viewers in the 60s, the series became most popular during the 80s, a time where there were technological culutural movements.  Since the 80s, there have been many more variants of Star Trek's which all represent the cultural trends of their time.  It is due to the wide adoption of Star Trek that I believe Gene Roddenberry was successful. 

Discuss how the artifact reflects the culture (or context) in which it exists. Be sure to address what aspects of culture have relevance for this artifact: politics, history, religion, social perceptions, technology, media, education, and so on. In other words, how do the artifact and its culture interrelate?
In the first Star Trek series, the culture of the 1960 is captured; however, some of the ideas were ahead of their time.  Historical and scientific references within the television show reflect the knowledge of the era, such as references to Vietnam or other common events.  Star Trek: The Original Series was culturally groundbreaking because it featured in interracial cast and had one of the first interracial kisses on television.
