1-2-1 Discussion: Value of the Humanities
 
In your first post, introduce yourself to your instructor and peers. Share who you are, where you are from, and what your goals are for taking this course. Then discuss whether you agree or disagree with the ideas presented by Nicholas Kristof and Jaweed Kaleem on the value of the humanities. Explain why or why not. Then, review the article Extraordinary Outsiders: The Makers Who Don't Know They're Artists. Do you think the creative process is good for the average person? Explain why or why not.

When responding to your peers' posts, explain why you agree or disagree with their point of view.

To create a new post, click the "Start a New Thread" button after accessing the discussion. You can title your thread any way you choose.

To complete this assignment, review the Discussion Rubric document.


In other words, we are moving toward a way of life that discourages the kinds of conversations that defined and sustained Cherkasova and Kornilov’s friendship.
Just seven percent of graduates major in the humanities, like philosophy and literature, while majors in largely career-oriented fields have increased as more Americans pursue higher education.

Kaleem, J. (2013, September 7). Keeping Alive The Big Questions. Huffpost. Retrieved from https://www.huffpost.com/entry/big-questions_n_3886381


Katz says that the economic return to pure technical skills has flattened, and the highest return now goes to those who combine soft skills — excellence at communicating and working with people — with technical skills.
Literature seems to offer lessons in human nature that help us decode the world around us and be better friends.
In short, it makes eminent sense to study coding and statistics today, but also history and literature.

Kristof, N. (2015, April 16). Starving for Wisdom. The New York Times. Retrieved from https://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/16/opinion/nicholas-kristof-starving-for-wisdom.html

In one corner of the room, Sam sits on his stool by the window, earmuffs on, just thinking. At some point he will get up, reach for the yellow paint and blast it into the centre of a huge canvas, watching as it streams in yolky rivulets to the ground. Then he’ll sit back down to think some more.
Albert Geere has already had a lot of interest. He is 81 and has lived in institutions since he was two. A quiet man, who is almost completely deaf, Albert has always painted – modest canvases, covered in a patchwork of prismatic squares, with chimneys sometimes signalling his recurring motif of houses hidden in the picture. He works quietly with complete focus, thinking hard before making any mark.
So the working studio in the exhibition is vital – it’s where we can witness the intriguing moment when a maker’s secret inner world spills into a place that we can share it.

Barnicoat, B. (2015, September 16). Extraordinary outsiders: the makers who don't know they're artists. Retrieved October 31, 2019, from https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2015/sep/16/project-art-works-de-la-warr-pavilion-in-the-realm-of-others-exhibition.

